---
sitemap: true
layout: posts
title: "Tell Your Senators To Oppose Rep. Tom Price | F4H"
description: "Rep. Price believes tax credits can pay for private healthcare. Experts say this will result in severe under coverage and medical debt for millions of Americans."

actiontitle: "Oppose Rep. Tom Price's for Secretary of Health and Human Services"
actiondescription: "Rep. Price believes tax credits can pay for private healthcare. Experts say this will result in severe under coverage and medical debt for millions of Americans."
actionbutton: "Call my senator"

ogtitle: "Oppose Rep. Tom Price's for Secretary of Health and Human Services"
ogdescription: "Rep. Price believes tax credits can pay for private healthcare. Experts say this will result in severe under coverage and medical debt for millions of Americans."

date: 2017-02-07 00:00:00
published: true
category: time

retired: true
---

<!-- TITLE -->
# Tell Your Senators To Oppose Tom Price

<!-- Instructions -->

### Instructions

#### Step 1 - Find your senator
Go [here](https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/){:target="_blank"} and select your state from the drop down. Call your Senators' numbers. You will be connected to a Congressional staffer, who will make note of your call.

#### Step 1.5 - Is the line busy? Try this
Try a local office using this list from [Daily Kos](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/2/2/1629046/-Call-your-senator-Phone-numbers-for-every-office-of-every-U-S-senator){:target="_blank"}.
Try calling one until you get put through! If you cannot make phone calls, the link in step 1. will also give you 
your Senators' email addresses. 

#### Step 2 - Tongue tied? Here's a script

Don't know what to say? Here's a script you can follow: 

> *Hi. I am a constituent of Representative {x}. I Live in {y} city/zip code. I'm calling to encourage the Senator to oppose the confirmation of Tom Price as the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Representative Price has introduced bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act and eliminate protections for people with preexisting conditions. Can I count on the senator to oppose Representative Price's confirmation? Thank you.*


**Note:** if you have a personal story that relates to your experience with the Affordable Care Act, please share 
it with your Senator's staffer.


#### Step 3 - The other guy
Call your other Senator, and repeat steps 1 and 2.

#### Step 4 - You're done!

<!-- Complete button -->

{: style="text-align:center"}
<button class="post-complete-btn post-link-btn btn darkblue">
  I did it!
</button>

<!-- Justification -->
##### Why does calling your Senator make sense?

{: class="post-justification"}
*Members of Congress are very sensitive to the wills of their constituents. They note how many calls they get from their constituents on each issue, and it may sway their vote if they are undecided. If you have a long explanation for why you have a connection to a particular issue, you should write it in an email to your Senator. Stories are more effective when told from your voice, rather than conveyed by a staffer. If you're curious, [read more here](http://www.attn.com/stories/12768/former-congressional-staffer-explains-how-to-make-congressman-listen){:target="_blank"} with tips from a former congressional staffer on how to be effective with your member of congress.*